*Codebook-Steps followed listed below*

Project Requirements:
1) a tidy data set:
 
Merge the training and the test sets to create one data set. Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement. Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive variable names. From the data set in step 4, creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.

2) a link to a Github repository with your script for performing the analysis
3) a code book that describes the variables, the data, and any transformations or work that you performed to clean up the data called CodeBook.md. 
You should also include a README.md in the repo with your scripts. This repo explains how all of the scripts work and how they are connected.

Source Data:  

A full description of the data used in this project can be found at The UCI Machine Learning Repository
http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones 

Variables in Data Set:

For each record in the dataset it is provided:
Acceleration from the accelerometer 
Estimated body acceleration
Velocity from the gyroscope
Activity label
Subject Identifier


Section 1. Merge the training and the test sets to create one data set.

Read into tables the data located in

features.txt
activity_labels.txt
subject_train.txt
x_train.txt
y_train.txt
subject_test.txt
x_test.txt
y_test.txt

Assign column names and merge to create one data set.

Section 2. Extract only the measurements on the mean and standard dev for each measurement.

Create a logcal vector that contains TRUE values for the ID, mean and stdev columns and FALSE values for the others. Subset this data to keep only the mean and stddev columns.

Section 3. Use clear naming convention on activity names and apply to data set(s)

Merge data subset with the activityType table to inlude the descriptive activity names

Section 4. Appropriately label the data set with updated naming convention.

Use gsub function for pattern replacement to clean up data labels.

Section 5. Create a new tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.

Save/export final results in finalcleandata.txt file showing average of each variable for each activity and subject.
